I was raised in the truth
and had good spiritual examples in my family
that helped me to set goals at a young age.
I progressed to baptism in my teen years
and also started
regular pioneering as a teenager.
But I started hanging around the wrong crowd
(inside the congregation first
and then bad association outside)
partying, drinking heavily,
living a double life.
I knew I couldn’t continue that
and stay at home
because my parents
were still serving Jehovah faithfully,
so I decided to move out
and go into the world 100 percent
because I just wanted to have fun.
Well, with nothing holding me back,
the partying and the heavy drinking
led to experimenting with drugs
and living an immoral lifestyle.
The lifestyle in the world
was pretty much to work all week
and to party on the weekend,
and that’s what we did.
But I eventually saw that
that was just a vicious cycle.
Eventually, things got to the point where
I started having money problems—losing work.
I lost my license at one point,
lost my apartment, couldn’t pay the rent.
And so I knew this
was not the way to true happiness,
and I was miserable.
I thought back to the time
when I was the happiest,
and that’s when I
was serving Jehovah full-time.
And I wanted that back.
So I poured my heart out
to Jehovah in prayer,
and I let him know
that I wanted to return to him.
I knew from personal experience
that if you break a bone,
such as your arm, you need help;
you need to see a doctor.
Only they are qualified to fix it
—set the bone right so it can heal.
I knew I had to seek out the elders
because they’re trained, spiritual doctors.
They know how to use
the Scriptures to help you heal.
So I went to them
because I wanted to return to Jehovah.
I didn’t even have dress clothes anymore;
I had lost all that.
I just went back in jeans and a T-shirt.
My parents didn’t even know I was coming,
but I showed up at the meeting anyway.
The elders, when I met with them,
were so loving and kind and patient.
I’ve learned firsthand
that Jehovah’s discipline is for the best.
Yeah, it’s true; it may hurt;
it may sting initially.
But if we allow ourselves
to be molded and trained by it,
it’ll always work out for the best.
I’m so glad that I made
the decision to return to Jehovah.
Jehovah blessed me
with the happiness
that I longed for and a lot more:
privileges of service
I never would have imagined.
And I’ve experienced
through Jehovah’s discipline
his greatest quality—love.
And I’ve never been happier.